SKY-7597 experiment group by docs (#795)
amplitude/amplitude-docs: public/docs/md/workflow/en/experiment-learnings.md

Lowering your experiment’s confidence level makes it more likely that your experiment achieves statistical significance, but the trade-off is that doing so increases the likelihood of a false positive.
{{/partial:admonition}}

> 

Author: Should I add anything to this doc https://amplitude.com/docs/analytics/charts/experiment-results/experiment-results-dig-deeper?

Reviewer: If anything, maybe just a link to other group by content

### Group By

> Oftentimes, you run an experiment and want to know if the experiment effected different users differently. In other words, if there are heterogeneous treatment effects or not. One way to do this is to filter for Platform = iOS and then Platform = Android and then Platform = Web. Instead of having to do so many clicks you can just group by Platform. Read [this](docs/analytics/charts/group-by) for more information. The group by is not saved so if you refresh it will go away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Oftentimes, you run an experiment and want to know if the experiment effected different users differently. In other words, if there are heterogeneous treatment effects or not. One way to do this is to filter for `Platform = iOS` and then `Platform = Android` and then `Platform = Web`. Grouping results by `Platform` achieves the same result, with fewer clicks. For more information, see [Group-bys: How Amplitude prunes and orders chart results](/docs/analytics/charts/group-by) for more information.

{{partial:admonition type="note"}}
Group-by settings on the dashboard are temporary. Refreshing the dashboard resets any groups you define.
{{/partial:admonition}}
```
